
        South Austin Soccer
                This group is for all skill levels, whether you are in a league, haven't played in 10+ years, want to stay active and involved with the game, etc. We have a weekly scheduled pickup game at Zilker on Sunday mornings. On average, we have about 20 players come out per meetup even if there are less RSVPs. Members are also encouraged to network with each other to share other soccer events/ideas.
        

      
        North Austin Soccer
                ABOUT USWelcome to North Austin Soccer (NAS). We are the largest and most active organized co-ed soccer pick-up group in Austin with at least 4-5 games per week in North Central Austin and NW Austin/Cedar Park area. We welcome players of all ages above 18 yo and skill levels. If you're looking for fun, active people to play soccer with than you've come to the right place!Right now, NAS plays on a Summer and Winter schedule due to daylight hours and at several locations.SUMMER SCHEDULE (5-6x weekly), Mar - OctWINTER SCHEDULE (3-5x weekly), Nov -MarYEAR ROUND: We play year round as league teams (NAAFC - see Pages tab above) through Austin Mens Soccer Association (AMSA), Round Rock Soccer Assocation, Austin Coed Soccer Association (ACSA) and at Lakeline SoccerZone (Cedar Park).Any other suggestions for fields are welcomed - just PM me.The club is FREE to join.We use nice sized goals for matches. On top of that, I purchase bibs, balls and other supplies for our Meetup.I NEED YOUR HELP TO SUSTAIN THIS GROUP: no longer collecting the $1 for games, unless they are reserved fields. I am a licensed Realtor and seasoned investor. All I ask of you is to get to know me, refer me to your friends or people that you know who may need real estate help:- leasing/apartment locating- buying- selling- investing.Feel free to visit my website for more information: http://www.AustinForeverHomes.comFor more competitive play, feel free to try out for either our indoor or outdoor teams. These tryouts
        

      
        Cricket and Soccer
                The purpose of this group is to meet like-minded people who are interested in Cricket and/or Soccer. All skill levels and age groups are welcome.
        

      